Hey Dude back with the 12-gauge I've got
a Remington one-out slug shoot six phone
books again
hey YouTube um we just got over here
that's where I hit and this is the
thirty thirty monarch round that we just
did you should definitely check that out
on our channel that's pretty good
results so it's already obliterating
this book second book
third book
look
well let me see if it's in here
this is huge expansion if you guys can't
see this okay so five looks it's in the
six month unless it office now it didn't
go all the way through that's a good
thing
Oh whole YouTube that is awesome
has a lot of weight retention it still
feels like an announced I don't know if
there isn't there's like this little bit
left out is so hot but it's awesome to
hold so it crumpled up it definitely a
hard-hitting round and went into the
sixth phone book here I'm gonna set this
on the ground
cameraman can give you a good look at it
yeah there's no other fragments wow
that's that's pretty devastating to
whatever you shoot that with hunting or
any purpose alright YouTube if you
enjoyed this video remember to check out
the others on our channel like this
video and subscribe